1.
It is very likely that the presenter of the slogan affected the recruitment rather than the slogan itself. The difference is like saying the King of the country came to ask you for a favor, instead of a representative, in this case the presence of the King will have much more profound impact and sincerety then the representative. It would be much better and fairer if the same person (doesn't matter who, or better yet an anonymous individual) presented the slogans to both group, this will make the only difference in the test to be the droids they are presenting the slogan to, and the slogan itself. 

2.
The bias here lies in the fact that Jar Jar was sent to planets which were already positively aligned with the Jedis, while Windu was sent to planets that were not aligned with the Jedis. This makes it substantially harder for Windu to gather supported then it is for Jar Jar and thus heavily skews the data. It would have been much better if both Jar Jar and Windu both went to 2 friendly and unfriendly planets. 

3.
The bias here lies in the fact that while only the average job satisfication is reported, the way each department handles its workers are completely different. So even if the average job satisfaction is the same between HR and IT, the countrie's job satisfication for each department is vastly different and thus it is possible that this could reflect incorrectly on the departments ability on handling their employees. It would be much better if the departments were forced to evenly distribute their worksite (or atleast distribute their worksites in the same way) so that the departments can be more accurately gauged on how well they satisfy their employees. Different countries also have their own biases so keeping the worksites of both departments to the same countries will also increase accuracy.

4.
The bias here is that people's activity level rise because more people are opting to use the application. This doesn't tell if the average activity of users increases after using the app, only that there are more users using the application. Another bias is that people that opt into the data collection are most likely people that are more dedicated towards improving their body, so the data is skewed towards more healthy minded people. An improvment to this would be to have a system which encourages people to send their data in for a reward, this makes it so that the data has a larger variance because it also targets people to send in "unhealthy fitness" data as well.

5.
It is possible that the students that she handed test B to were more capable then the students that took test A and C. It is also possible that the test isn't easier, just that the small sample size she had of students had an easier time with it, and that not all students would have that easy of a time with it. It would have been much better if she gave all versions of the test to all the students across the day, or spread out the tests to different classrooms and have their averages compared. 
