I will be using the first example and modify it to becoming more of a general
"How do we increase the number of recuits to the army?" to make the problem
seem more realistic.

The Problem

How do we increase the number of fresh recruits to the army?
A constant flow of fresh recuits is always important to have for the army.
As older soldiers and casulties for the army increase over time, it is 
important that there are always new and capable soldiers to replace them.
Based on the data, general recruitment ages for new recruits are around
the ages of 16-20. We also know that video games is also very popular and frequently 
visited topic for those within that age group. So how do we make recruiting in this 
age group more efficient?

The Potential Solution

Create ad campaigns and events that are tailored towards video games but hosted
by the army. 

The method of testing the solution

We will create a few ad campaigns and live events (tournaments) which are
for video games that are of the "shooter" or "fps" variety. Over the course of
half a year, we will monitor three main variables being: the number of applicants 
to the army, the age of the people that applies (making special note if its of the 
targeted age group), and the amount of interest the live events have. This is an A/B 
manipulation test where we have a time frame where we do not have the ad campaigns/live 
events and where we do have them.

If the number of applicants of the specified age group (over the course of the half year 
where the ad campaigns are effective) increases by 10%, then we can conclude that the ad 
campaigns are successful and that video games is a great media to connect, expose and recruit
future candidits to the army. It is also possible that the ad campaign is more effective for
those outside the targeted age group, and as such if there is a general 10% increase to the 
total applicants then it can also be considered a success. If the recruitment rate is not
at the desired level, it is advised to wait till the end of the next quarter before deciding
its effectivness. If the rate does not increase then stop the ad campaigns. 