1.What is the 1994 rate of juvenile delinquency in the U.S.?
Decision: Bad
Alternative Formulation: How does the 1994 rate of juvenile delinquency in the U.S compare to Chinas?
Reasoning: The initial question is bad because all it is asking for is already existing data and doesn't ask for a comparison,
or "Why" the rate is the way it is. 

2.What can we do to reduce juvenile delinquency in the U.S.?
Decision: Good
Reasoning: This current question is a very broad question but is a very good topic to explore and has many different options we can
go about answering the question. It can be improved by introducing a clear variable as to what the researcher believes can be a
factor in reducing JD.

3.Does education play a role in reducing juvenile delinquents' return to crime?
Decision: Good
Reasoning:This research question is good as it has a clear variable in which it wants to use to test juvenile delinquency.

4.How many customers does AT&T currently serve in Washington, DC?
Decision: Bad
Alternative Formulation: Are AT&T customers in Washington, DC happier with the service then Sprint's customers?
Are customers in AT&T happier now then they were last year?
Reasoning: The initial question is looking for data we can already or easily provide, and is not asking for why or how
the data is the way it is or its significance. 

5.What factors lead consumers to choose AT&T over other service providers?
Decision: Good
Reasoning: This question is broad but interesting and allows for more data analysis before a more refined research question
can be determined. It can however be improved by limiting the 'factors' to a singular factor that we should explore.

6.How can AT&T attract more customers?
Decision: Good
Reasoning: This question is broad but interesting and allows for more data analysis before a more refined research question
can be determined. It can be improved if there was a clearer idea, such as "would a value bundle attrack more customers?"

7.Why did the Challenger Shuttle explode?
Decision: Bad
Alternative Formulation: Did an increase in pressure in the fuel tank what lead to the Challenger Shuttle exploding?
Reasoning:The initial question was too general and should be more limited to a certain variable. 

8.Which genes are associated with increased risk of breast cancer?
Decision: Bad
Alternative Formulation: Is gene "X" more significant in breast cancer patience compared to gene "Y"?
Reasoning: Initial question was way too broad and should be limited down to a clear variables we can use.

9.Is it better to read to children at night or in the morning?
Decision: Bad
Alternative Formulation: Does reading to children at night or in the morning cause them retain the information faster?
Reasoning:It is a good research question because it provides clear variables to look into in regards to children, but 
I believe it should more clearly define what "better" is.

10.How does Google’s search algorithm work?
Decision: Bad
Alternative Formulation: How much more efficient is Google's search algorithm compared to Yahoo?
Reasoning: The question should be asking more about the benefits/comparions of search algorithm rather then just how it works,
which can be clearly answered.
